You were on active duty? You never got a leave? Not
up to that time, no. For five years you didn't get
any leave? Well... Even before you went overseas?
Sure that I had, each year I had a week at a time,
something like that, between, between Transfers
of stations, you take a week off. Okay, now let's
continue to make sure everything's working
right. Let's continue, and you were talking about
what it was like going to London. You were going to
start talking about that then. Well, I got six
nights, seven days rest from recuperative leave
when I transferred from 777
Field Artillery Battalion to 745 Battalion. and I
flew over in a, I think there were four of us from
this, from our core artillery flew over an old
DC-3. They came down and picked us up on a dirt
landing strip and flew us to London and it was all
blackout. Of course the It was rest in that you
didn't have to keep any hours. You could sleep as
long as you wanted to, and you'd get up when you
wanted to, and do what you wanted to.
The Red Cross, the Salvation Army, and the Army, I
guess, sponsored tours, guided tours.
The English-speaking
Union of London ran a tour that I went down. They
took a bunch of us down to Canterbury Cathedral.
Oh, that'd be interesting. It was an all-day trip.
It was about 40, 50 miles down to Canterbury. And I
got to meet the
vicar there who was head of the Church of England.
OK, let's continue. I forget his name, but he was a
very, very inspiring person and of course he gave
us a blessing meaning he said a prayer for us it was
most most inspiring trip to see this great
Cathedral and to meet the head of the Church of
England which we think of it as Episcopal Church
mother Episcopal Church Another trip, I took a
boat trip up the Thames. I went through a bunch of
their locks. Their industry uses barges to
transport heavy equipment and bulk material like
sacks of grain and this kind of thing. Was this
right at the end of the war? Yeah, this was right at
the end of the war. So they weren't being bombed
anymore? Well, it was always all blackout at
night, but there wasn't prolific bombing, let's
just say it that way. Every once in a while? Every
once in a while you'd hear a rocket or something?
They probably were the V2s. You'd hear a big boom.
But the V2s were a different thing. They were
Hitler's secret enemy, I mean secret weapon.
They would set them, guide them on a course and they
would get their range by putting in so many ounces
of alcohol in them. When we were in Belgium, they
started bombing Liège, which was a great big
American ordnance depot where they had fields and
fields of trucks and guns. And the Germans picked
it up and they started bombing with these flea
bombs. The V2s, you mean, the buzz bombs? The V1 was
buzz bombed, called buzz bombs, and the Germans
called them flea bombs. They can't say fly bombs,
and that's what they were trying to say, is fly
bombs, buzz bombs. They called them flea bombs.
But anyway, you'd hear the thing coming over, and
it was backfiring or propelling itself. It made a
putt, putt, putt, putt business sound.
And when it stopped putting, you knew to get in your
hole, because it's coming down. And if you were
within 150, 200 yards of it, well, it'd get you. As
long as you could hear them putting coming to you
and going by, you'd say, oh, thank God that one went
by. Or if you hear it coming and said, oh, Lord, let
that one keep going, just talking to yourself. But
when they stopped putting, it meant they were
coming down. They didn't fly over 300
or 400 yards high. and you could knock them down
with anti-aircraft, and that's the way the
Americans saved Antwerp, was knocking them down.
They put enough artillery in, I mean,
anti-aircraft artillery in there to just shoot
them out of the sky, because they were vulnerable.
They were a slow-flight thing, and very
cumbersome. This looked like a big bomb with a very
short, stubby wing
on it. Flea bombs. Anyway, they... They were
harassing London with them, and I'm sure two or
three nights would fall and you'd hear them. How'd
the English people treat you when you were there?
Oh, very kindly. They were welcoming you with open
arms. They looked on us as certainly helping them
win the war, if not winning the war for them,
because they whipped. They would beat down.
London was, I don't know, 60% destroyed. And of
course, all that did was really re-emphasize
their desire to win the war. It gave them a real
incentive to fight back. But without American
help, they'd never made it. They just couldn't
have made it. And I think at the, I went up in
Scotland one time during this trip. Took a train up
there. My forefathers came from Weems Castle,
Scotland, which is across the Firth of Forth from
Edinburgh. Just across the big bay there. They
called them Firths. I went up there and my
grandmother and my mother both wrote me to go up
there and see the whole family. And so I caught the
train, went up there, and
did get to visit with some Scotsmen on the train.
And one of them expressed to me that I was on that
train the day that they announced the land lease
was stopped, terminated. And this Scotsman,
apparently he was a businessman, said that we
certainly appreciated the land lease, but it had
to come to an end sooner or later. And the sooner it
comes to an end, the better for us. And he thought it
had helped him tremendously, but the sooner we cut
it off, the better. It'd get them back on their own
feet. And so that was the attitude that I
experienced.
They tried to take advantage of you and did take
advantage of you on prices and all. A bunch of us
were out, been to a picture show, nothing else to
do, and went to a picture show and had a few drinks,
decided to go eat something before we went to
sleep. It was 10, 30, 11 o'clock at night, and of
course it was blackout. and went and two or three
opened doors, and then inside there, they didn't
have anything, and they'd say, go on down to about
the fourth door there, and this is down around
Trafalgar Square. Piccadilly, they called it.
And we got down there and went down to the fourth
door and started down, and a bunch of English girls
were coming out. And I don't know, one of us asked
them, we said, is there anything to eat down there?
And they said, yeah, they got some food down there.
So we went on down. And
all they had was, I asked them for scrambled eggs
and bacon, or scrambled eggs and ham or something,
and hot biscuits. And they had the scrambled eggs,
which were powdered, Lend-Lease eggs. They had
some fried spam, which we went off and left a lot of
times in combat. And they had some dried biscuits
that they served us. And it charges three pounds
per serving. My goodness. Which is about, then is
about $6.50. So they took advantage of us. And
after all, that old boy that served them had
probably got them in the black market. And they
were given to some English army unit as rations.
And they found a way into the black market, into
this cafe, downstairs cafe. And they charged six
and a half a serving for them. Well, you don't know
these things till after he brings it out there. You
don't stop and ask for a price if Hungary's talking
it out. You find a place you can buy something to
eat, you buy it, and then cuss it when you leave
there because they're taking advantage of you. So
they would take advantage of you. But the people
that you dealt with normally were very friendly
people. Now, let's go back to the problem of
refugees, which we started. Tell me about that
again. Well, the refugees, or we call them DPs,
displaced people, displaced persons, they have
been used as slave labor. They were in a compound.
They slept bunkered beds four or five high, jammed
just as tight as you could jam them so that people
could get through them, men and women intermixed,
families intermixed, so that there was no
privacy, no capability of privacy at all. It was
just a existence, a bare existence, and they gave
them enough food to give them energy to do the
labor. If they weren't doing useful labor, well,
they didn't get any food. It was just that simple.
And
These two, these, did you get the part about the two
Dutch boys? No, we were just going, why don't you go
ahead with that? Okay. Because that's where we
noticed that there was something wrong. Okay,
back in Germany, during combat, we were around
Aachen, Gallenkirchen, in that part of Germany,
just getting into Germany. We, we passed a town,
and I guess it was part of the, the Dortmund
complex. We were pretty close there, maybe ten
miles from it. There was a Messerschmitt plant.
And these two Dutch boys had been going to a
vocational high school, which was a postgraduate
high school. They'd been to normal high school in
Amsterdam. And one of them was taking
woodworking, and the other was taking accounting
vocation. And their names were Case and Garrett. I
don't know. That's the way you pronounce it
anyway. both of them talked six or seven
languages, which they have to in the normal
business commercial world there, they learn
this, because they'll be trading with a German in
one minute, and an Englishman the next, and a
Frenchman the next, and a Dutchman the next time,
and so their education requirements are that they
take every language spoken on the European
continent, and these two boys have mastered
including Russian and including the Slavic
dialects. They were good
translators. So I got the idea of relieving my... I
had a German-born boy who was a sergeant in the
American Army. He came over as a youngster with his
family, Sergeant Anderson. And I used his
interpreter, talking with Germans, and I used...
him with these people until I got their
confidence, until they got my confidence, let's
say it that way.
But I took them on thinking originally that I would
put them down there and doing KP in the men's mess,
relieve our soldiers of that sort. And all it cost
was food, and so
that was cheap. You didn't have to pay them any? No,
no, we didn't pay them anything. We just took them
under our care. Now they didn't want to go back to
Amsterdam because they learned through their
grapevine that the Dutch army was sending all
able-bodied soldiers to the Dutch East Indies
because they had an uprising out there and they
were gathering all these people up, putting them
in the army and sending them to suppress the
troubles they had out in the Dutch East Indies.
Those boys weren't interested in going home. They
didn't want any part of that. And they knew that
they could eat in my battalion, or they could eat in
the American Army. And so they came in and
convinced us that they wanted to work for the Army.
And when I learned their language capabilities,
well, I used them as interpreters, which are
invaluable in these DP camps, for instance. We
talked about the treatment of them in the DP camps.
Did you give them a uniform? Give them clothing?
Oh, no, no, no. When we go in, and that's the point
I'm working up to, their contact or their
resentment of the Germans and their association
with the Germans is my interpreter. They needed
some clothes. The clothes they had were ragged
ass, worn out. And so we got in there, and I got the
burgomaster in the first town after they came to
us. and told him to get these boys some clothes. And
the whole half hour, he came back and took the boys
down to some clothing outfit. And he gave them a new
suit, a half dozen shirts, clean underwear, and a
new pair of shoes. And that's all there was to it.
They didn't pay for them. But I didn't go, and so I
didn't see that operation. I know they got the
clothes. And everywhere we went, I'd tell him, go
get the burgomaster. Come in and get him a
typewriter or get him an overcoat or get him a pair
of rain boots. And the burgomaster would show up
with them and just give them to him.
I took them on. I used them as interpreters in
handling these DPs, which our basic
responsibility was keeping them enclosed.
keeping them from going over the country foraging
and looting and burning and taking reprisals
against the Germans, because that's what they
wanted to do and tried to do. And very quickly, we
got instructions from the higher command to stop
that, which put an extra burden on our guards and
all that kind of business. But that was just one of
the chores that we had to contend with.
Those two boys were invaluable to me as
interpreters. And they, after I proved them out to
my own satisfaction, I used them entirely. And
they didn't have any compassion in getting
information from the Germans. Can you give me some
examples? Example? I tried to interrogate a
German about something He wouldn't give me the
information I wanted. And I'd get up and go out of
the room. And when I came back, they had the
information.
They didn't have any compassions about physical
contact with them, this kind of thing. I made it my
job to not observe it, but that got the
information. And I'm sure it was by physical
contact. They stayed with me all the way down to
Vienna, and then that's where I left them coming
back this way. One time I took them on a trip down to
Salzburg. I didn't want to see Salzburg. We were in
a little town named Alt Town about 35 miles north of
Salzburg. And I got the idea of buying my wife
hand-embroidered blouse you'd see in the
windows. Salzburg was a
clothing center. They had some very elite shops
there that had beautiful clothes in the show
windows. I went in this shop and I told, Garrett was
the boy, he was the older of the two, and he was doing
the talking. Told him to find out if she had any,
silk blouses and the white one. And she didn't
respond. She didn't have any blouses. They had one
in the window, and that was all there was to it. And
of course, Garrett told me, she's lying, she's
lying. She'd give them to us, and she'd get them.
And so he took a paper box of matches, you know, what
a paper full of matches is, and went over and got
grabbed the drapery, started to set the drapery on
fire. And she started screaming at him, come here,
come here, come here. And she took him back in the
storeroom and they brought out some beautiful
blouses. But he wouldn't have had any compassion
about setting that place on fire to get the point
over. They just didn't give him any compromise.
Because they'd been beat, been slaved, handled as
a slave for four years. And these were good boys.
They were good, intelligent boys. But he wouldn't
hesitate about burning that place down just to get
even with them, if that's a good way to put it. And
this gal went in back in the back and got some boxes
and came out. And she asked me what size, of course,
talking through Garrett. And I couldn't tell her
size, but I saw one about my wife's size. And I just
said, I want to fit that woman there. She came up
with it, and my wife still got it. It's a beautiful
thing. All hand embroidered, and oh, it's a
beautiful thing. And I think it cost me $78. I don't
remember any marks and all this kind of business,
but I just reflected it's $78, which is most
reasonable. It was a very stylish thing, very
stylish, and beautiful embroidery with flowers.
Now what about Soviet or Russian refugees? There
must have been some. There were lots of them, and
they were the more militant of the refugees. As a
matter of fact, I got the commander of the camp in
our area one time, and he was sending out raiding
parties at night time. And I got the commander, and
again using Gary as my interpreter, told him very
positively that this area was under martial law.
Anything that moved at night was dead. I'd give my
guards specific instructions that anything that
moved after dark was dead. And I got the point over
to him. He put out the word, and that stopped it in
that particular area. But these Russians were
just going on a foraging party, meaning they'd go
out and burn. Just a reaction of liberty, I guess
you'd call it. They'd been slave labor, and they'd
been beaten and so abused that their only attitude
was to get even. And they were the real
troublemakers. What was their physical
condition like? Their physical condition? Well,
the ones that could do manual labor or skillful
labor were fed and they were in pretty good shape.
But the others were starving to death. If you
didn't have some capability of performing a
meaningful task, meaning working in whatever
factory they put you in and do a proficient job,
they'd starve you to death. And if you did, why,
they gave you food, because they wanted your
physical capability. So some of them you saw were
in good shape, and some of them were in pitiful
shape. Did you send them back to the Soviet Union?
No, we kept them intact in this particular area,
gave them groceries, and made them take care of
themselves. And I'm sure I wasn't a part of it, but
I'm sure they were eventually put on trains and
sent back to Russia as soon as the G-5s got in. The
G-5s is the military government end of the Army,
like G-1, 2, 3, 4. The G-5 is the military
government. And those are the people that came on
and took charge of them after the combat troops
went on by them. They put them through their
classification interviews, meaning were they
collaborators, were they Nazis, or this is what
they were looking for. And they all proved out why.
I'm sure they went back to Russia. They put them on
trains and got rid of them as fast as they could to
relieve us of the responsibility of feeding them.
And that was the first responsibility.
Oh. Now, your active duty ended in 1946, right
after. In June of 46, if I remember. Right after
this was your last job as chief of public works and
utility, as far as the active duty was concerned.
Before we go into your reserve duty, is there
anything else that you'd like to talk about? Are
there any other episodes, you think? After I left
the US forces in Austria, up to
heading home, and that's where I got command of the
94th Division Artillery.
Right.
After you left Austria, okay, and where was that
located, Germany? Yeah, Bad Abling. I got the
order right here. Bad Abling. They had
A-I-B-L-I-N-G, Germany, where I was
put in command of the 94th Divorce Army, and here's
where I assumed command on 18 December, 1945.
That's when I took command of that. Why did they
give you that command after the war was over? Well,
this was a staging command of... keeping the first
preservation of the equipment and keeping the
soldiers busy until we could ship them home. That
was our main chore of keeping them busy, getting
them to rest camps, getting them back,
categorizing them, meaning the high point people
got home first, and
general
occupation duties, meaning traffic control and
control of the local city government, meaning
keeping your finger on the burgomaster to make him
react to our peacetime approach to things rather
than combat war. What about the denazification
program? G5 people. Oh, okay. So you were not
involved without that. Well, only in the effect of
implementing it. If they had any troubles, we came
in. But basically, the military government
people came in and set themselves as a supervisor
of the civilian population and government. And
all we did, we did traffic control work, we did...
security work, and there were still pockets of
German, me and an isolated German that resented
us, and he would take a pot shot at an American down
in the end or throw a hand grenade out of a window at
nighttime or something like that. Even in 1946?
Even in 1946, that's right. And there's where we
came into that. When that happened, well, we moved
in and we tried to get, put a finger on it. But Our
whole job then was occupation
and keeping our people busy, keeping our soldiers
busy. Sponsoring competitions and ball games and
this kind of thing. Now you must have had a heck of a
lot of points. And you must have been one, since
you've been in since 1940, you must have been one
very high on being able to go back to the States. Why
weren't you sent immediately home? Well, that's
another interesting story. And that's one of
those things that I tried to buck and couldn't
accomplish. I did have more points than anybody in
the battalion. I should have been number one on the
list to come home after the combat after VE day. And
they had us set up to go through the
Japanese island deal, and then VJ Day caught us,
and I went down to the 2 Corps, which is
headquarters in Salzburg, to see the G2 as a
personnel officer, two-star general. I went down
there, I'm going home. I'm going to get out of this
man's army and go make some money. And he said, I
don't have anything on you, kid. You got a job. Just
keep on doing like you are. And he gave me that for a
month. And I kept making a nuisance of myself,
thinking that the squeaky wheel would get the
grease. And I passed him in the hall one day. And he
said, come in here, kid. Well, I saw something on
you yesterday. And he looked through his desk,
worst looking mind, and gave it to me. Here it is.
You're going to Vienna tomorrow. I said, oh,
General, there's something wrong. There's a
misunderstanding here somewhere. He looked over
his eyes and glanced at me and said, yeah, kid,
well, you have something that's wrong. You're
going to Vienna tomorrow. You're not going home.
And he told me, and of course, I don't believe him to
this day, that I was the only civil engineer
officer, lieutenant colonel,
The II Corps. II Corps was
all the western half of Austria. Went all the way
down to Glens, which is probably the big half, 60%
of Austria, were the soldiers in II Corps. And I
know, in my own mind, I wasn't the only civil
engineer lieutenant colonel.
running through the 66-1, which is your personnel
card. And that shows your qualifications. And I
was the first one that this warrant officer was
going through the card looking for one. Came on it,
and he said, here he is, General. Write the order.
And that's it. And of course, I told General
McMahon, that's something bad wrong here,
General. He said, yep, Kidwell, that's right. You
were wrong. You're going to be here tomorrow. And
of course, All I could do was be a good soldier and
go. And I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was well worth
the seven, eight months I was down there. Because
Austria is a beautiful country, and I've made a lot
of good acquaintances there. I saw some gorgeous
country, and I accomplished something. We got the
power plants running to some degree. We got juice
back into the major cities and some of the little
country towns. So I felt that I accomplished
something. So I don't regret it. It just took six,
seven, eight months more of my life away and I'm
nothing worse for it I guess. Okay, then after that
you went up to the company commander or the CO of the
94th Artillery? Division Artillery, right. And
you were there until July? 1946. Right. June of
1946. At
about that time you were promoted to full colonel,
weren't you? Excuse me, please. Now let's
continue on your promotion of colonel. Okay. I was
promoted when I was in the 94th the colonel,
somewhere in there. I cannot get the exact date
of it. On 10 February 1946, I was promoted to
chicken colonel, full colonel.
And then I retired in June, I believe.
Now, why were you promoted? Because of your
record, obviously. Because of my record and my
longevity and my Army education and
qualifications.
And actually, the Departee
Command job is the Brigadier General's job. And
there I was doing it as Lieutenant Colonel. And the
CG, as soon as I impressed on him that I knew what I
was doing and got about doing his job and didn't
give him any problems, he was kind enough to
recommend me for a motion. I got it. Great. Purely
and simply, I impressed him. And it was
within his, well, it was his responsibility. He's
supposed to do that. And the TO job was there. I
mean, table of organization. I was holding a
brigadier general's job. And all he could do was
promote me to colonel. And a commanding general.
Was he a two star? Oh, yeah, he was two-star
general. I forget who it was. Oh, his name was
General Anderson. I remember that now. He was, I
don't remember his first name, but he was major
general. And how long did you stay in that post?
Well, until I got home, and I actually brought the
94th Division artillery home. Oh, yeah, you
brought it home with you. Brought it home, and we
dispersed up at Camp Kilmer, New York, and... I
always went scattered like a covered quail. Now,
were you happy to get out of active duty, or did you
think as a full colonel that maybe you might want to
stay in the service? I had innumerable
high-ranking good friends encourage me to stay in
service. And as a full colonel, I could have done
very well, I'm sure. On the other hand, the Army
that I had seen up until that time was not conducive
to the life I wanted to live. Meaning, I think in the
first three years of our life in the Army, from
December of 40, when I went in until I shipped
overseas, I was moved 13
or 14 times
And of course, moving like that, you become a
gypsy, meaning you don't have any place to plant
your roots. Housing is hell around an army camp.
And I didn't have enough seniority to get quarters
on the post or being a new man. If I was a lieutenant
colonel, I was still at the bottom of the totem pole
because people ahead of me to get them. And we were
living in rooms that, frankly, bear existence.
And some places, Fort Meade, for instance, I got
home on Saturday night every other week if there
wasn't anything important going on. Otherwise, I
skipped two more weeks.
I couldn't project myself wanting that kind of
life for 30 years. And I had the pressure put on me by
a lot of high-ranking people to stay in. What a good
life it would be and all that kind of business. On
the other hand, I had a civil engineering
education, and I wanted to get back and start
making some money. And there's two ends of the
pendulum. And I had to make a decision, and I
decided to get out, stay in reserves, and stay
qualified. Now let's talk about the reserves.
Let's talk about the very first assignment you
had. You came back to Dallas, right? And then you
decided to- OK, I got to change files here now,
because I'm not ETO. This is where I separated New
York. Now I get the next file here.
Okay, we came back to Dallas, and I got in touch with
the local reserve people, or TMD they called it,
Texas Military District people, and they
assigned me to, I
believe it was a core artillery,
I'll find it in a minute here. You were the
executive officer of the 90th Infantry Division
Artillery, according to the secret.
Well, okay.
That's correct. I was assigned to the 9th Division
Artillery, Headquarters and Headquarters
Battery. as executive officer.
And I stayed there for,
Colonel John Mayo was the, was the
commanding officer.
And what were your functions as VXO? As the
executive officer, I... I know what you do as the
executive, but I mean, that wasn't a good
question. I meant, what did the division do? It's a
training division. Okay. In other words...
Located here in Dallas? The headquarters is
located here in Dallas, and they had a battalion in
Amarillo and a battalion in College Station, a
battalion in San Antonio, a battalion in
Beaumont,
Those poor battalions. And our function was to
train the enlisted
recruits to be proficient in their job as a
reservist. Now, they could beat the draft by
joining a reserve unit. That was an incentive to
join a reserve unit, actually. And we took a man
when he got to be 18 or just before he got drafted,
he'd come join a reserve unit to beat it. They got an
advance notice of a couple of weeks or something
like that that they were going to be drafted on some
date two weeks from now. And if they joined a unit
while they didn't get drafted, the draft board
would accept them. What did that mean for the
quality of soldiers enlisted in the mountain?
Well, of course, that was across the board at that
time, meaning you got your share of high school
dropouts, you got your share of high school
students, you got your share of high school
graduates, and you got your share of college
graduates. Not graduates, but college students.
So you got a cross-section of American life and...
We had some mighty good men. Well, of course, some
of them would be very good, but was there sort of a,
if they're, part of the reason they're joining is
to avoid the draft, were they in some respects
anti-military? No, no, no, no, no, no. They
weren't taking exemptions by claiming 4F, for
instance, if they have physical disability or
religious scruples or something like that. They
wanted to continue their pursuit of education or
their job or something. And the law said that they
could join a reserve unit or National Guard and
fulfill their military obligation. And so...
they had the option of joining a reserve unit or
being drafted. Now, the powerful incentive is to
join a reserve unit, but some of them did, some of
them didn't. But they made good soldiers. They
eagerly learned, and it was a training mission for
us. We went to active duty two weeks every year,
either at Fort Sill or down at Fort Sam Houston out
at Camp Bullis to do our firing.
The last three years, as I remember, we went to Fort
Hood, where we could use air range up there. And I'd
been CO of the 9th Divardy. I believe it was after
the end of my second camp with them, I got the idea of
setting our goals to be combat proficient.
meaning that each battalion had to pass the
basic battalion test, combat proficiency test,
that every unit that went to combat overseas had to
pass before they were certified combat
proficient.
Isn't that quite a demand to make on reservists?
Well, no more so than that. a normal army unit. I've
set my heart and mind of making the 90th and Duvarty
equal to any regular army unit. And I did. The first
year, two of my four battalions passed the combat
proficiency test. That was Colonel Coconose and
Colonel Butler's battalion. Both of them became
generals. That's right. And this is part of the
reason why.
That was the third year. The fourth year I was
commander, three of the units passed. And my last
year, all four of my units passed, which means my
battalion could have been certified by a testing
team, an army testing team, as proficient to go
into combat. And that's the ultimate of training.
General Rudder just told me I was pipe dreaming
when I told him what my long-range plans were. But
he couldn't have been more pleased when we passed
with all four battalions my last year. And to me,
that was... the ultimate of training.
That's a real accomplishment. Really, it was. It
was a lot of work. Certainly, I couldn't have done
it without superior battalion commanders and
superior battery commanders. Let's talk about a
couple of those. Tell me about Kokonos and Butler.
Well, they were outstanding gentlemen. They were
top flight. unit commanders, they were
enthusiastic with their work, and they were
experienced and capable leaders, and they got the
job done. And as I remember, and I know in both of
their reports, their efficiency reports, I had to
turn in on them once a year, I ended up my narrative